Improve mailcather installation steps on README (#788)
ufersa/plataforma-sabia: README.md

You also need to make sure [mailcatcher](https://mailcatcher.me/) is running, since the tests depend on it. Follow the steps below:

> 1. Installation Prerequisites: `sudo apt install ruby ruby-dev libsqlite3-0 libsqlite3-dev`.
> 2. Install `mailcatcher` by running: `sudo gem install mailcatcher`.
> 3. Run `mailcatcher` to start the tool.
> 4. Visit `http://localhost:1080/` to see the web interface.

Reviewer: This is just a suggestion 🙂 
```suggestion
1. Pre requirements for installation: `ruby`, `ruby-dev`, `libsqlite3-0`, `libsqlite3-dev`
  - You can install this by running `apt install ruby ruby-dev libsqlite3-0 libsqlite3-dev`
2. Install `mailcatcher` by running: `gem install mailcatcher`.
3. Run `mailcatcher` to start the tool.
4. Visit `http://localhost:1080/` to see the web interface.
```
